hey youtube this is katelyn 300 here
with a new minecraft video I've been
pretty busy lately so I just noticed the
new update and I'm going to show you how
to install zombies mod pack and it's
pretty easy pretty similar as before
this is going to work for both Mac and
PC so first thing you need to do is go
to the link in the description which
will bring you to the Saudi monograph
download it's that the Minecraft Forum
not just scroll down and press download
link we can minimize that and I'll open
up a zip file go ahead and open up that
zip file and you get these three folders
the next step is to find your Minecraft
folder which you need to open up a new
Finder window for on a PC just go to the
Start menu type in % app data percent
and a roaming folder will come up
double-click that roaming folder and you
will find your dot minecraft folder and
that's what you'll find yours for max
you just go to a library application
support and minecraft so now that you're
in Minecraft you need to do a couple of
things ok so this is the new version of
1.4 point2 i'll update it accordingly if
it still works for the newest newer
versions after this so go into your bin
see this minecraft.jar folder file we're
going to turn it into a folder and we
can do that by simply opening with
archive utility and it will create a
folder so now we have that folder we can
get rid of the dot jar and we are going
to rename this minecraft.jar and if
you're on pc you have to do that with
winzip and this is
say do you want to add click Add okay so
now you have your minecraft.jar folder
you go into here and you have all your
classes and one of the things that
you're going to want to do is press kind
or if you don't have that in your on a
PC you're going to have to search
through a computer into through the all
the files and till you find method dash
and go ahead and delete that it only
prevents you from having mods so then go
to your downloads which you have these
three folders go to your classes
highlight them all click and drag them
over you want to apply to all replace
okay so now all your classes are moved
over now you go out to your main page
right under minecraft and you'll see the
folders bin and config in whatever and
if you don't already have the folder
called mods make a folder called mods in
that folder called mods make a folder
called zombie 0mb II know I just see MBE
so you make that folder go into it then
you're going to take all of your config
files and click and drag them over I
have these are old configuration files
so I'm going to replace them and they
replaced okay you do not need this
source file it's just there so um now
that you've done that go into your
config text and you I'm going to show
you how to apply my odds really quick
there'll be a list of mods on the site
they are included in this mod pack and
you can go down and find them this is
the cart mod and I'll make this bigger
it's just I can't make the font bigger
okay let's go to fly mod let's find that
really
because that's normally the most common
fly mod is enabled and you want to get
rid of that little pound sign in front
of the third one down to fully enable it
and then you can mess with like what
toggles it off and on and you know I'll
keep it there we'll just see how that
goes so you just want to make sure that
you have at least one mod that is
activated and I'm going to press save
it's closed and now we're going to go
back in a Minecraft and i'll show you
how this works we are running on one
point four point two
okay so if you when you login if you
have read letters up here that just
means that you did something wrong in
your configuration the config dot txt
file and it'll tell you exactly what's
wrong in that red text and you can go
back and fix it so I'm just going to go
into here
ok
so right now yeah clap this is creative
um well anyways see I just pressed F and
the little word called flying
disappeared so I'm now flying um I don't
know which buttons are supposed to make
me go up and down because I didn't
really check but oh well but that that
shows that it's working hmm oh that's
something oh so that's how the you can
install it and apply the mod the
different mods is toggled on on and off
and you can see it it's affecting it
this is knocking walking normal this is
flying I'm sorry I can't remember which
one is to go up but yeah so thanks for
watching subscribe and like